Add community upgrade CCIPs (#5)
citycoins/governance: ccips/ccip-009/ccip-009-citycoins-vrf-v2.md

This proposal describes the verifiable random function (VRF) used to calculate the block winner for a CityCoin.

## Specification

The VRF contract is used to determine the winner of a mined block.

This version introduces two functions to replace `get-random-uint-at-block` in CCIP-006:

- `get-rnd`: a read-only function that returns the random integer
- `get-save-rnd`: a public function that saves the random integer to a map, then returns it

Through the `get-rnd` function, the contract:

- checks the `BlockRnd` map to see if the random integer has been saved
  - if yes, returns the saved random integer
  - if no, it then:
    - fetches the on-chain VRF proof for the given block height
    - converts the lower 16 bytes into a uint
    - returns the random integer

Through the `get-save-rnd` function, the contract:

- checks the `BlockRnd` map to see if the random integer has been saved
  - if yes, returns the saved random integer
  - if no, it then:
    - fetches the on-chain VRF proof for the given block height
    - converts the lower 16 bytes into a uint
    - saves the random integer to the `BlockRnd` map
    - returns the random integer

> The public function requires a private key and a Stacks transaction fee in order to send the transaction, and would ideally be used by any smart contract using this implementation to obtain a random value at a given block height.

Reviewer: This sentence could be misunderstood, that you have to provide your private key in order to get value from public function.
I would remove it.

Author: Removed in https://github.com/citycoins/governance/pull/5/commits/f4f44b8e6e3cc5cb7ef68d215c29c2cf1676f06f

| Write count          | 0        | 7750       | 0.000%     | same      |
+----------------------+----------+------------+------------+-----------+
| Write length (bytes) | 0        | 15000000   | 0.000%     | same      |
+----------------------+----------+------------+------------+-----------+
```

#### Claim Mining Reward

v1 `claim-mining-reward`

```
+----------------------+----------+------------+------------+
|                      | Consumed | Limit      | Percent    |
+----------------------+----------+------------+------------+
| Runtime              | 527214   | 5000000000 | 0.011%     |
+----------------------+----------+------------+------------+
| Read count           | 32       | 7750       | 0.413%     |
+----------------------+----------+------------+------------+
| Read length (bytes)  | 58176    | 100000000  | 0.058%     |
+----------------------+----------+------------+------------+
| Write count          | 5        | 7750       | 0.065%     |
+----------------------+----------+------------+------------+
| Write length (bytes) | 459      | 15000000   | 0.003%     |
+----------------------+----------+------------+------------+
```

> v2 `claim-mining-reward` on first call before value is saved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
v2 `claim-mining-reward` when `rnd` value has not been generated and saved by anyone before
```
`claim-mining-reward` can be successfully called only once per block, therefore we should avoid "first call" term.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/citycoins/governance/pull/5/commits/f4f44b8e6e3cc5cb7ef68d215c29c2cf1676f06f, took a slightly different approach but agree that could've been confusing. Thanks!

```
+----------------------+----------+------------+------------+-----------+
|                      | Consumed | Limit      | Percent    | Diff (v1) |
+----------------------+----------+------------+------------+-----------+
| Runtime              | 196647   | 5000000000 | 0.004%     | -0.007%   |
+----------------------+----------+------------+------------+-----------+
| Read count           | 34       | 7750       | 0.439%     | +0.026%   |
+----------------------+----------+------------+------------+-----------+
| Read length (bytes)  | 57016    | 100000000  | 0.057%     | -0.001%   |
+----------------------+----------+------------+------------+-----------+
| Write count          | 6        | 7750       | 0.077%     | +0.012    |
+----------------------+----------+------------+------------+-----------+
| Write length (bytes) | 492      | 15000000   | 0.003%     | same      |
+----------------------+----------+------------+------------+-----------+
```

> v2 `claim-mining-reward` on subsequent calls after value is saved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
v2 `claim-mining-reward` when `rnd` value has been generated and saved by someone before
```
Only one call per block can be successful, therefore we should avoid "subsequent calls" term.

Author: Also fixed in https://github.com/citycoins/governance/pull/5/commits/f4f44b8e6e3cc5cb7ef68d215c29c2cf1676f06f
